A graduate of the MSc programme from DTU**:**

- can identify and reflect on technical scientific issues and understand the interaction between the various components that make up an issue
- can, based on a clear academic profile, apply elements of current research at an international level to develop ideas and solve problems
- masters technical scientific methodologies, theories, and tools, and can take a holistic view of and delimit a complex, open issue, put it into a broader academic and societal perspective, and, on this basis, propose a variety of possible actions while considering sustainability
- can develop relevant models, systems, technologies, and processes aimed at solving technological problems
- can communicate and mediate research-based knowledge both orally and in writing
- is familiar with and can seek out leading international research within their specialist area.
- can work independently and reflect on own learning, academic development, and specialization
- masters technical problem-solving at a high level through cross-disciplinary teamwork, and can work with and manage all phases of a project – including preparation of timetables, design, solution, and documentation

The master's thesis must be written in English and include an abstract.


**_Project plan_**  
During the first month, the student is to submit/upload a project plan to the thesis, outlining the objective of the thesis. In the project plan, the student is also to take into account the overarching learning objectives listed under _"The content and the learning objectives of the thesis"_. 

The student receives an autogenerated email with information about the submission deadline for the project plan, just as there is a link to an overview of all the student's submissions at DTU Inside ('My assignments'). Upload takes place via the group created for the master’s thesis. In the project plan, the student is also to take into account the overarching learning objectives listed above.

When submitting the thesis, the student is to enclose a separate document presenting the original project plan and a revision of the same, where appropriate. In addition, the document is to include a brief auto-evaluation of the project process.